In the last lecture we learn how we can retrieve our route parents.
That's awesome and this is a super important something you will probably use a lot.
Now there are more things you can add to your your elbow.
You might have wari parameters.
These are parameters separated by a question mark like mode equals editing anything.
And you can have multiple ones separated with signs.
The question now is how can you pass them using angler links.
Rattlings.
And how can you then retrieve them.
You might also have a hash fragment.
So spread with the hash sign to jump to a specific place in your app loading for example or maybe you
don't really want to use destruccion there.
You would have to add this scroll down their behavior on your own.
Maybe you just want to retrieve it to use it as some extra information.
Let's take a closer look at how we can pasters extra information on our links both when using the router
linked directive and the navigate method in code and how we can then retrieve that information.
Lets start by passing it first let's say an hour at Marchal we want to add more routes for our service
here.
We also want to add one other route and that would be the route which allows us to edit a certain server
so we might load a server with some ID and then have Slash added at the end to describe NDU or else
what will happen in this component.
And here it would be the added server component we want to load so we added this new route which should
load disk component and edit server file.
Now to be able to load this route on my service component here I want to hook up these links here in
this list.
We have to do the same for the users component later.
So here I will add my router link and I will use the square brackets brackets index again so that I
can pass an array here because I want to go to slash services.
Then lets say with 35.
We will soon learn how to make this more dynamic.
And then also add it so it is just newly created route.
Want to call in this case.
If we save this and we go to servers and click on this you'll see we loaded service five edit and the
same for every link of course.
Again I will change to soon.
Now let's say we also want to have some query parameter deciding on whether we are allowed to edit the
server or not.
So we want to add this question mark and we don't do it by adding questionmark equals something here
as an element and desirée instead when using a link in the template we add a new property of this Roger
link directive.
We can bind to the Querrey parents property.
Now clearly parents and that's what this not in New directive.
It's just another bind the property of the router linked directive.
And here we have to pass a javascript object and on query peron's we can now define key value pairs
all the parameters we want to add it.
So for example say allow added here and set this to one.
Now let's see what happens if we now click this link we now click any link here you'll see we have questionmark
allow added 1 year.
So that's the key value pair.
We set up in this object and of course you could have more key value pairs your Which would then be
separated with the end sign in between.
In your link.
So that's the query Prim's property.
We also have the fragment property and that is only fragment because you Mowatt may only have one fragment
here.
You could simply pass a string with single quotation marks or therefore omit the square brackets and
set this to let's say loading.
So if we now save this we go back to the service page.
Now you see we have hash loading at the end.
This is how you can add a fragment.
So super easy to add in our router link here in our template.
Let's now see how we can do the same programmatically.
So our home component where we already have to load service button.
Let's say we want to load server 1.
So hirable changed its name to load server and pass one as an argument maybe at just this method here.
Load server and the idea will be passed as an argument as we just saw.
And you are there for one to navigate to servers pastie ID.
We're already seeing how this gets more dynamic.
No we're not hard coding 5 or something like this we're using this argument here instead.
And then as a last argument edit.
Now again we still want to add Kriti Prim's and this fragment.
So here in the navigate method we used as objects we already saw where we already added relative to.
Now I don't need relative to here.
Instead here I can also set up my query parents and that Afghanistan just a javascript object where
we say allow added and set this to one maybe and just as I add a query perhaps I can also add that fragment
here and set this to loading.
Now if this if we save this and we go back to our home page and click load server you'll see we add
the query parameter allow added and set it equal to one and the hash fragment here.
So that is how we can use Crais parameters and fragments on both the programmatic and routing approach
calling it from the types of code or on the route to link like here.
Now let's also learn how we can retrieve that data.
Thereafter